Hello, I'm Juan Ezkibel, and this time I'm going to show you an interesting feature of Python that not everyone knows or uses.
Python, unlike other programming languages, can return multiple values in a function, not just one,
without the need to use lists, collections, objects, etc.
Let's start by defining a function called "square" that will receive the side as a parameter.
Then, I will declare internally a function called "area" that will be equal to the side multiplied by itself, or side squared.
I will declare another one called "perimeter" that will be equal to four times that side, i.e., 4 multiplied by the side.
Here comes the interesting part. When I use the "return" statement, I will tell it to return the area,
but it will also return the perimeter. That's it. This function is returning these two values.
Now, when I call this function, I have to assign it the same number of variables as the values it returns.
In this case, it returns two values, so I have to use two variables when calling it.
One variable named "a" for the area, and another variable named "p" for the perimeter.
I will assign these variables the result of calling the "square" function with "3" as a parameter.
If we execute this now, we can see that we get "9," which is the area (3 * 3), and 12, which is the perimeter (4 * 3).
And we can see how it assigns them. Also, as is obvious, it's worth mentioning.
The first variable it returns is "area," which is assigned to the first variable we use in the assignment, and the same with the second, third, fourth.
And so on, as needed. That's all for now, and see you in the next video.